Do not list "request" function as working in all contexts (#377)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-Typoscript: Documentation/Conditions/Index.rst

.. _condition-functions-in-all-contexts:

> Functions in frontend and backend context
> -------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functions in frontend and backend context
-----------------------------------------
```

Functions take over the logic of the old conditions which do more than a simple comparison check.

> The following functions are available in frontend and backend context, but not CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following functions are available in frontend and backend context, but not CLI:
```

   
   Allows migration from old condition syntax using `[globalVar = GP:singlepartner > 0]`
   to `[request.getPageArguments().get('singlepartner') > 0]`.
   
   
Functions in all contexts
-------------------------

> The following functions are available in **all** contexts: frontend, backend and CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following functions are available in **any** context:
```

Reviewer: There is also the install tool context, so we'd better not make a list here.

Author: didn't know that - makes sense!
